docs/getting-started/index.md, before:

# Introduction

<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/brand/logo_1024-removebg-preview.png" alt="MoLOS Logo" width="250" />
</div>


:::info
MoLOS is currently in active development. We recommend using the Docker image for the most stable experience.
:::


Welcome to the MoLOS documentation. This guide will help you get up and running quickly.

## What is MoLOS?

MoLOS (Modular Life Organization System) is a fast, privacy-focused, and deeply modular productivity suite designed to help you be stronger, smarter, and better. Built with a modular philosophy and a quite simple tech stack, it is focused on simplicity and extensibility.

Get started by:

- **[Running an instance](./quick-start.md)**: Run MoLOS in seconds using Docker/Podman.
- **[Explore Core Modules](./core-modules.md)**: Learn about Tasks, Knowledge, and Routines modules.
- **[Setting up a Developer Setup](./developer-setup.md)**: Set up your local development environment and start creating.

---

## Why MoLOS?

I'll be honest with you. Like everyone else, I have used Notion, Obsidian, Notepad++, DSNotes... But I spent more time setting it up, creating the templates, organizing every note I had... Everything but using it. This is my take on that: A predefined second brain you just have to use and not configure.

Commit message:

Removed Ai guidelines and added the architect docs

docs/getting-started/index.md, after:

# Introduction

<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/brand/logo_1024-removebg-preview.png" alt="MoLOS Logo" width="250" />
</div>


:::info
MoLOS is currently in active development. We recommend using the Docker image for the most stable experience.
:::


Welcome to the MoLOS documentation. This guide will help you get up and running quickly.

## What is MoLOS?

MoLOS (Modular Life Organization System) is a fast, privacy-focused, and deeply modular productivity suite designed to help you be stronger, smarter, and better. Built with a modular philosophy and a quite simple tech stack, it is focused on simplicity and extensibility.

Get started by:

- **[Running an instance](./quick-start.md)**: Run MoLOS in seconds using Docker/Podman.
- **[Explore Core Modules](./core-modules.md)**: Learn about Tasks, Knowledge, and Routines modules.
- **[Setting up a Developer Setup](./developer-setup.md)**: Set up your local development environment and start creating.
- **[Meet The Architect](./the-architect.md)**: The AI agent that connects modules.

---

## Why MoLOS?

I'll be honest with you. Like everyone else, I have used Notion, Obsidian, Notepad++, DSNotes... But I spent more time setting it up, creating the templates, organizing every note I had... Everything but using it. This is my take on that: A predefined multitool and modular app you just have to use and not configure. All of it interconnected via the Architect.
